Update cs8862 contrustor error (#47690)
dotnet/docs: docs/csharp/language-reference/compiler-messages/constructor-errors.md

- [**CS8054**](#constructor-declaration): *Enums cannot contain explicit parameterless constructors.*
- [**CS8091**](#constructor-declaration): *cannot be extern and have a constructor initializer.*
- [**CS8861**](#primary-constructor-declaration): *Unexpected argument list.*

> - [**CS8862**](#primary-constructor-declaration): *Every declared constructor must call `this(...)` where the `...` argument list invokes the primary constructor.*

Author: @BillWagner I've updated the PR

- **CS9124**: *Parameter is captured into the state of the enclosing type and its value is also used to initialize a field, property, or event.*
- **CS9136**: *Cannot use primary constructor parameter of type inside an instance member.*

> When using a primary constructor in a class or struct, every explicitly declared constructor must call the primary constructor using `: this(...)` with an appropriate argument list. This ensures that the primary constructor is always invoked. See [programming guide](../../programming-guide/classes-and-structs/instance-constructors.md#primary-constructors) for more details.

Reviewer: To support localization, the style guide suggests this format:

```suggestion
When using a primary constructor in a class or struct, every explicitly declared constructor must call the primary constructor using `: this(...)` with an appropriate argument list. This ensures that the primary constructor is always invoked. For more information on primary constructors, see the article on [instance constructors](../../programming-guide/classes-and-structs/instance-constructors.md#primary-constructors) in the programming guide.
```
